it's not about control standing it's a
relationship based on respect
these animals are thinking I gotta eat
gonna hunt I got it
you got to be able to relate to at least
one of those things
every time we've unveiled a new
attraction at ten years the spiked that
was awesome corporate felt genetic
classification would up the wow factor
they're dinosaurs while we're not
she was designed to be bigger than the
t-rex what happened to the sibling she
ate it we have an asset out of
containment
what is that they're tracking implants
he clawed about how would it know to do
that
she remembered when they put it in Oh
God she's killing for sport
you got 20,000 people you got no more
votes
you'll have enough guns if we do this we
do this my way
we got eyes on target light it up
is wrong in communicating we're talking
about an animal here
highly intelligent animal
you